listen gentlemen today I'm saying was
captured alive yesterday at 8pm and he
was dressed up as Santa Claus he was he
was dressed up as the good men who used
to be known for generations as the man
who brings gifts and happiness to the
great American nation today's Santa is
very likely a part of the axis of evil
we will search him we will fight him and
we will destroy him with all which all
means possible so help us God shut the
door after me no wait wait wait wait
gentleman I forgot something I wish all
a very Merry Christmas and a very very
happy new year may the force be with us
and with you and you and W shut the door
now shut it yeah we've just been
witnesses of President Bush speech to
the nation wave just declared that Santa
Claus es de Santa Claus is the newest
member in the axis of the evil and he's
located in the database of the evil
grind next to mr. Urich are either and
I'm asking mr. your Qaeda if he is
living in fear now mr. yo Qaeda are you
living in fear now or not no m not
living in fear
I am still living in can quit or the way
I see we don't have problem you know a
staffy certain Santa Claus because you
have much better see ya if see Chris
Keitel and Chris kiddo can't fly without
the fleet intelligence just identified
another new member in the actions of
evil it is called Christendom we
localized it in Australia Dora